docs/system-design.md, before:

# System Design
This is the system design decision document for this simple ETL project

## Primary Objective
Defer the user data lookup, saving and syncrhonization processes to this project. Enabling our Request OTP endpoint in `https://github.com/kjonexa/kjoacademy-be` to have logic that is much simpler and much lower latency

## Functional Requirements
1. The system should be able to read and retrieve data from the member sheets. See [sheetMapping](../src/config/sheetMapping.ts)
2. The system should be able to transform the member data from that has been retrieved from the sheets, into a unified shape. See type `User` in [User Types](../src/types/users.ts)
3. The system should be able to temporarily store the transformed member data into JSON files as artifacts.
4. The system should be able to load the data into our PostgreSQL and synchronize them to the Supabase

## Non-Functional Requirements
### Performance
- Standard performance is expected. Nothing too fancy

### Scalability
- Should be able to read 4500+ member data from GSheet
- Should be able to run bulk job, covering all type of members at once
- Should be able to run tailored job, covering one type of member at a time

### Availability
- Deployment with downtime is acceptable

### Reliability
- ETL job can be retried if the system fails

### Security
- Readonly access to the Google Sheet, making sure there is no accidental data mutation happens to the member sheets

### Maintainability
- At this moment, using Typescript is enough for maintainability

---

## Technical Flow
1. The *extractors* should retrieve the data from 5 different sheets from the given Google Sheet
    - Admin sheet
    - Member VIP Old Sheet
    - Member VIP V1 Sheet
    - Member VIP V2 Sheet
    - Member VVIP Sheet
2. The *transformers* should transform the data that have been extracted by the *extractors* to the object shape that we've defined:
```typescript
export type User = {
  name: string
  phone: string | null
  email: string | null
  telegram_username: string | null
  membership_tier: string | null
  membership_expiry_date: Date | null
}
```
3. The *loaders* should load the data into our PostgreSQL and synchronize them to Supabase. Here is the detailed flow:
  - Batched transactions *per 500 records* for loading data to PostgreSQL
  - Batched transactions *per 50 records* for synchronization to Supabase

### Constraints
1. The system would use the `email` from the member data to check if the current member already exists in our PostgreSQL
2. The system should insert new member data to the PostgreSQL if it does not exist
3. The system should update the member data in the PostgreSQL if it already exist

Commit message:

feat: enhance member VIP old and VIP V1 transformers

docs/system-design.md, after:

# System Design
This is the system design decision document for this simple ETL project

## Primary Objective
Defer the user data lookup, saving and syncrhonization processes to this project. Enabling our Request OTP endpoint in `https://github.com/kjonexa/kjoacademy-be` to have logic that is much simpler and much lower latency

## Functional Requirements
1. The system should be able to read and retrieve data from the member sheets. See [sheetMapping](../src/config/sheetMapping.ts)
2. The system should be able to transform the member data from that has been retrieved from the sheets, into a unified shape. See type `User` in [User Types](../src/types/users.ts)
3. The system should be able to temporarily store the transformed member data into JSON files as artifacts.
4. The system should be able to load the data into our PostgreSQL and synchronize them to the Supabase

## Non-Functional Requirements
### Performance
- Standard performance is expected. Nothing too fancy

### Scalability
- Should be able to read 4500+ member data from GSheet
- Should be able to run bulk job, covering all type of members at once
- Should be able to run tailored job, covering one type of member at a time

### Availability
- Deployment with downtime is acceptable

### Reliability
- ETL job can be retried if the system fails

### Security
- Readonly access to the Google Sheet, making sure there is no accidental data mutation happens to the member sheets

### Maintainability
- At this moment, using Typescript is enough for maintainability

---

## Technical Flow
1. The *extractors* should retrieve the data from 5 different sheets from the given Google Sheet
    - Admin sheet
    - Member VIP Old Sheet
    - Member VIP V1 Sheet
    - Member VIP V2 Sheet
    - Member VVIP Sheet
2. The *transformers* should transform the data that have been extracted by the *extractors* to the object shape that we've defined:
```typescript
export type User = {
  name: string
  phone: string | null
  email: string | null
  telegram_username: string | null
  membership_tier: string | null
  membership_expiry_date: Date | null
}
```
Here are several rules that should be adhered to when dealing with transformation
    2.1. Admin
    2.2. Member VIP Old
    2.3. Member VIP V1
    2.4. Member VIP V2
    2.5. Member VVIP

3. The *loaders* should load the data into our PostgreSQL and synchronize them to Supabase. Here is the detailed flow:
  - Batched transactions *per 500 records* for loading data to PostgreSQL
  - Batched transactions *per 50 records* for synchronization to Supabase

### Constraints
1. The system would use the `email` from the member data to check if the current member already exists in our PostgreSQL
2. The system should insert new member data to the PostgreSQL if it does not exist
3. The system should update the member data in the PostgreSQL if it already exist
